The settings in the configuration file our data that we need to keep private.
If we try and view this file in a browser.
All we see is a blank page as the P H P is executed before the file is sent to the browser and nothing
is output.
If there is a server misconfiguration though this file could in theory be downloaded by opening the
u r l as I just did.
Ideally we should put this file outside of the web root so it's not accessible in a browser at all.
If you can do that and pass the path of the file into where it's required here then that's enough to
secure the file.
Sometimes this isn't possible though especially if you put your site life on a shared hosting account.
With other files like all the files in the includes folder for example we restricted access to those
using an HP access file containing this directive to deny all access to every file in the folder.
To do the same for a single file.
We need to use the files directive.
Let's create a new file in the Root called ADT access.
In here we add a files directive passing in the name of the config file.
Then inside this we put the Deny from all instruction.
Now if we try and access the conflict file.
Access to that file is forbidden.
In addition to specifying a single file name you can also put wildcards and file name patterns using
regular expressions so you can use this to restrict access to as many different files as you need.